include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/Dockerfile.nanorc    
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/fsharp.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/m3u.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/rego.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/Rnw.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/gemini.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/makefile.nanorc    
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/rpmspec.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/apacheconf.nanorc    
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/genie.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/man.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ruby.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/arduino.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/gentoo.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/markdown.nanorc    
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/rust.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/asciidoc.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/git.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/moonscript.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/scala.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/asm.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/glsl.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/mpdconf.nanorc     
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sed.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/awk.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/go.nanorc          
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/mutt.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sh.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/batch.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/gophermap.nanorc   
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/nanorc.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sieve.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/c.nanorc             
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/gradle.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/nginx.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sls.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/clojure.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/groff.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/nmap.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sparql.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/cmake.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/haml.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ocaml.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/sql.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/coffeescript.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/haskell.nanorc     
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/octave.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/svn.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/colortest.nanorc     
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/hcl.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/patch.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/swift.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/conf.nanorc          
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/html.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/peg.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/systemd.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/conky.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/i3.nanorc          
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/perl.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/tcl.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/creole.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ical.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/perl6.nanorc       
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/tex.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/csh.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ini.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/php.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/toml.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/csharp.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/inputrc.nanorc     
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/pkg-config.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ts.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/css.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/jade.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/pkgbuild.nanorc    
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/vala.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/csv.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/java.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/po.nanorc          
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/verilog.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/cython.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/javascript.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/pov.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/vi.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/dot.nanorc           
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/js.nanorc          
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/powershell.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/x11basic.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/dotenv.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/json.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/privoxy.nanorc     
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/xml.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/elixir.nanorc        
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/keymap.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/prolog.nanorc      
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/xresources.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/email.nanorc         
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/kickstart.nanorc   
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/properties.nanorc  
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/yaml.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/erb.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/kotlin.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/pug.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/yum.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/etc-hosts.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/ledger.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/puppet.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/zig.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/fish.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/lisp.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/python.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/zsh.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/fortran.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/lua.nanorc
include /home/pranav/.config/nano/syntax_highlights/reST.nanorc
